#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
azure-core==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
azure-mgmt-resource==23.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
faiss-cpu==1.8.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jiter==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
openai==1.54.4
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   pytest
pillow==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal-extensions
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal
pypandoc==1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   msal
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
